Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to create this search controller.
Okay.
Now, in order to do this, we need to head up to the controller surgery.
But before then, we need to go to this, which is our tree and the circle animation.
And what we can do is we can get rid of this controller to dispose of trying to see, to copy and then
delete.
And we're going to paste this over here.
This is going to save us from future crashes.
Okay.
So now we can use controller and se to save.
So now we can then head back to the control surgery and over the control directory.
We can then create a new file and we can call this file.
Search on the square.
Controller and this section wish, you know, dot, dot.
Okay.
And now we can use controller and bits.
Make this way.
And I see.
Now, your first step is to create a class.
And as well, we can call this class search controller.
Okay, great.
Now, what we're going to be doing is going to be similar to what we have over here.
You can see that we are simply fetching the posted comments.
Right.
And over here, we are simply fetching the uploaded video.
So what we're going to be doing is going to be similar.
So all this but this time around, regular fetch the user based on the name.
Okay.
So you know that to do this, we need to head back to the controllers, actually, and then the search
controller.
And now we can use controller and read something this way.
Okay.
Now, over here, we are going to use this which you've seen before so we can say finer and s.
And.
We can specify it is a type of list.
Right.
And okay, there's going to be a list of what's the user model?
Because they're going to be searching for users.
Right?
Okay.
User.
User model and then we can have this and how this.
Okay, what we need to do is a light is control and dots and we're gonna import from the.
Gets.
Slash gets.
And over here.
This car.
Sorry.
And use control and dots.
And we're going to be important from the user models.
Okay.
So now we can create a rainbow.
We can see on the square and we can call this test, use this, and it's going to be equal to this.
You've seen this before.
Okay.
Now we need this and make this empty.
How this semicolon.
Okay.
Now you can see where we created the rainbow card by this closest uses.
Right?
And this is for now, the user is going to be empty.
Okay.
And as you know, this is a private rainbow.
And because it is a private variable, we cannot access is variable outside this fi.
So what we need to do is to create a guitar in that to be able to access this variable.
So to do that really is this wish you sent before so we can as well specify it is a type of least least
of user.
Right.
And now we can see it gets.
And now we can create a normal private variable.
I say search use it says uses that you can see now you're not using the underscore okay.
And our function and now we can call this test.
Users and want to assess the value.
Okay.
I just semicolon.
Okay, great.
And now we can then create a function and we can call this function search user.
Over here, we're going to pass in a dynamic variable, which we are going to call our search.
Test.
Okay.
Now the first test is referring.
To what?
The user is going to pass in over a year.
Okay.
So it is a passing F, this s this is simply referring to that F if the user passed passing and the
assessed.
This is simply referring to that hammerhead.
Okay, great.
And as you know, this is a test.
So you can specify it is a data type of what?
String.
Okay.
Now we're going to be using your.
And in order to use our aid we need to have the essential via.
And now all we can do is we can car.
Is this car smashed?
Says users.
Right.
And now we're going to use this, which you've also seen before.
Darts bind.
So is this dodge bind.
It's going to be a bind.
Look at what we can do is we can just copy this and make sure we don't have in a spending mistake and
get rid of this business and say, do it.
Mainstream.
Now this is going to be what?
Fire.
Whereas, sir.
The word, we need to import it as well.
Well before then can just go ahead and say collection.
Over here, we can add lights and use control and dots.
Okay.
Well, before then.
We are going to be fetching users, right?
So this is going to be the user's collection.
Import.
Okay.
Is it away from the coast?
The official news is right.
So this is going to be the users collection.
So you can say use this collection and now you're going to use this, which you've not seen before.
That is that part where you can see is asking for the field and we're going to be searching for users
based on their name.
Right.
You can see we have this name field over here.
Okay.
And now we can had a camera and we can say is equal to you can see we have this is equal to we have
is greater than we have is greater than or equal to we have is lesser than we have is less than or equal
to we have is not equal to we have is not okay.
Now, the difference between this is equal to and this is not equal to is.
If we are using this as equity.
It means we have to type in the hazards, the hazard name we have.
You can see over here we have Mac right in nine, another search for this user called Mac.
We need to type.
Is that says Wyatt.
That is Mac.
Okay.
That is what that equates to does.
So this have to match with what?
The search test after match with what?
We have no database boards.
If we are using this is.
Is this were.
Is greater than or equal to.
We don't really need too much.
It's.
That is by tapping the letter hand.
And since we have.
Ay ay ay ay later.
And it's our home our database is going to fetch all the user that's have or that has similar later
that is hey.
So that's what that's that is the main difference within that is equal to or greater than on this because
it does so with my on you can choose of which you want to go.
It's for the now we can go with is equal to.
Okay.
Is equal to what?
This test.
Okay.
Grids now are.
Yeah, you can see we have this.
Name code.
So in order for us to face that mark, we need to type in.
He has that name of our record.
Mark.
Right.
Okay.
So by typing, this is not bringing out this user.
Both my Spanish and UK visit beaches of which you want to follow.
Okay.
So I think.
In India is right.
Okay.
And now we can say dots.
The snapshot.
And.
For if.
Okay, now, if we have multiple.
If we have multiple.
Name with the same mark.
What we want to do is we want to fetch all those users that has similarly named.
Right.
Okay.
So because of that ribbon, they need to look over each mark we have.
So for that, we need to say dots.
That map.
Okay.
Then the whole point is to see, okay, sorry, I think I'm out of into the K.
Sorry for that.
And now we can get rid of this.
And.
So.
Okay.
Is on to this.
Get rid of this.
And great.
And now we can had a recall over there and is asking for the events.
Okay.
This is going to be a snapshot because when we have a user with the same name, we'll definitely go
fetch all those users.
Right.
And since Rod's in there with multiple users, it is known as Query Snapshot.
Right?
Instead of query snapshot, we can get rid of the snapshot.
And to just query.
Okay.
Now the first step is to what's.
Is to create an emptiness.
Which is going to be a type of user as well.
And we can call this return value.
We can just see.
Well, for the short form of return value.
And we can.
Make this empty.
Okay, great.
Now we need to look over each user.
We are searching for that has similar name.
Right.
Okay.
So we can't say for.
For variable.
We can just see elements or you can see elm.
Okay.
Lemons.
Can you spell it in full?
And we can then say for the elements in.
And query.
Dart.
No talks, right?
Okay.
No docs.
So add us to this.
Okay.
Then we once had to this list using all this before we turned while you dodge hot.
Right and now we can see a user that from.
Perhaps not.
Okay.
Now, instead of this snap, this is going to be the elements.
This is basically ads and.
Finally.
Over a year.
When incidents return.
Right.
Well, okay.
And now we need to had the semicolon.
Okay.
And over here.
Listen to this.
And then you can see where it's saying this type of variable.
It is what a document snapshot.
Right.
Okay.
Now, over here, it is a quick snapshot because we have access to all these that has similarly named
Card Mac.
Right.
Okay.
And over here you can see we are looping over each document.
And since we are looping over these documents, this is going to be seen as each document or each user
or each mark writes and will reference each document.
It is known as what's document snapshots.
So that's why that's why Hawaii is seeing it as what's a single document, because we have already run
a loop in that to break it down into pieces or potstickers.
Okay.
So that is the reason it is saying this element is a type of what's a document snapshot.
But over here it is a type of query snapshot because we still have multiple uses.
Okay.
So this is basically it's you've seen all this before and you can see all this is similar to what we
have in the comments controller and the.
Video controller.
The only difference is we are using the compiled query.
That is this dot.
Where is the search test?
I remember this test as is simply referring to the value the user is going, the type of value as currently
it is.
Mark Right.
So the search test is referring to what this mark unrest in ways is to the name.
And remember, this name is the field we have in the.
In our cloud faster database.
Okay.
And it is Mac.
So since it is equal to this Mac, it is definitely going to bring out that user.
Okay.
So now in this lecture, we are finally going to display that first user.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.